CICD Updates to Troubleshooting and API v2 Documentation (#7427)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/build-and-customize-your-solution/handle-deployments-and-environments/umbraco-cicd/umbracocloudapi.md

  ],
  "createdUtc": string,
  "completedUtc":string,
  "modifiedUtc": string,
  "cloudRepositoryUpdated": boolean
}
```

## Query Deployments and fetch Changes

### Get Deployments

> The endpoint lets you retrieve a list of deployments that have created a change in the git repository of the Cloud Environment. Deployment can have state 'Completed' or 'Failed'.
> 
> It can only list deployments that have been run through the api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint retrieves a list of deployments that have created a change in the Git repository of the cloud environment. A deployment can have the state **Completed** or **Failed**.

It only lists deployments that have been run through the API.
```
